cubrid_execute -- Execute a prepared SQL statement

  resource cubrid_execute(resource conn_identifier, string sql [, int option])~

  bool cubrid_execute(resource conn_identifier, string sql [, int option, resource request_identifier [, int option]])~

The |cubrid_execute| function is used to execute the given SQL statement. It
executes the query by using {conn_identifier} and SQL, and then returns the
request identifier created. It is used for simple execution of query, where
the parameter binding is not needed. In addition, the |cubrid_execute|
function is used to execute the prepared statement by means of
|cubrid_prepare| and |cubrid_bind|. At this time, you need to specify
arguments of {request_identifier} and {option}.

The {option} is used to determine whether to get OID after query execution and
whether to execute the query in synchronous or asynchronous mode.
CUBRID_INCLUDE_OID and CUBRID_ASYNC (or CUBRID_EXEC_QUERY_ALL if you want to
execute multiple SQL statements) can be specified by using a bitwise OR
operator. If not specified, neither of them isselected. If the flag
CUBRID_EXEC_QUERY_ALL is set, a synchronous mode (sync_mode) is used to
retrieve query results, and in such cases the following rules are applied:

The return value is the result of the first query. If an error occurs in any
query, the execution is processed as a failure. For a query composed of in a
query composed of q1 q2 q3 if an error occurs in q2 after q1 succeeds the
execution, the result of q1 remains valid. That is, the previous successful
query executions are not rolled back when an error occurs. If a query is
executed successfully, the result of the second query can be obtained using
|cubrid_next_result|.

If the first argument is {request_identifier} to execute the |cubrid_prepare|
function, you can specify an option, CUBRID_ASYNC only.

{conn_identifier} Connection identifier.

{sql} SQL to be executed.

{option} Query execution option CUBRID_INCLUDE_OID, CUBRID_ASYNC,
CUBRID_EXEC_QUERY_ALL.

{request_identifier} |cubrid_prepare| identifier.

Request identifier, when process is successful and first param is
conn_identifier; TRUE, when process is successful and first argument is
request_identifier.

FALSE, when process is unsuccessful.

Version Description 8.4.0 Add new option CUBRID_EXEC_QUERY_ALL.

|cubrid_execute| example

<?php >
  $conn = cubrid_connect("localhost", 33000, "demodb");
  
  $result = cubrid_execute($conn, "SELECT code FROM event WHERE name='100m Butterfly' and gender='M'", CUBRID_ASYNC);
  $row = cubrid_fetch_array($result, CUBRID_ASSOC);
  $event_code = $row["code"];
  
  cubrid_close_request($result);
  
  $history_req = cubrid_prepare($conn, "SELECT * FROM history WHERE event_code=?");
  cubrid_bind($history_req, 1, $event_code, "number");
  cubrid_execute($history_req);
  
  printf("%-20s %-9s %-10s %-5s\n", "athlete", "host_year", "score", "unit");
  while ($row = cubrid_fetch_array($history_req, CUBRID_ASSOC)) {
      printf("%-20s %-9s %-10s %-5s\n", 
          $row["athlete"], $row["host_year"], $row["score"], $row["unit"]);
  }
  
  cubrid_close_request($history_req);
  
  cubrid_disconnect($conn);
?>

The above example will output:

  athlete              host_year score      unit 
  Phelps Michael       2004      51.25      time

|cubrid_prepare| |cubrid_bind| |cubrid_next_result| |cubrid_close_request|
|cubrid_commit| |cubrid_rollback|

vim:ft=help:
